rules.md, before:

# Stanford Sevens

A card game using a standard deck in which player(s) attempt to accumulate as many points as possible using cards in-hand and on the board to make multiples of the base number.  Each round continues until the deck runs out, at which point points are totalled and a winner is declared.

## Setup

Each player receives 3 cards in their hand.  Players keep their hand private.  The board contains cards facedown in a grid (2x2 for 1-2 players, 3x3 for 3+ players).  The rest of the cards are facedown in a deck next to the board.  Players may not end each turn with more than seven cards in their hand.  If they have more than seven, they must choose cards to discard from their hand until they hold seven or fewer cards.

Players agree upon a number to base the gameplay on.  By default, the base number is seven.  The base number can change each round.

## Gameplay

Players take turns completing two steps

### Draw and Flip

 Draw one card, and flip one card on the board.  Players must choose a card to flip, even if they are all face-up already.  Flipping a face-up card will turn it face-down.

### Stash or Score

- The player may pick up a card from the board, and put it into his or her hand.  This ends the player's turn immediately.

- Score points by creating multiples of the base number using any combination of face-up cards on the board and any cards in the player's hand.  There is no limit to the number of points a player may score per turn, although he or she may choose to end their turn prior to playing all available points.

For example, if the base number is seven, then a player may play a King (10) and a 4 to make 14.  All multiples count as a single point.

If the player scores a point which equals the base number exactly, they may either:

- Steal a point from another player
- Invert a row/column on the board.  If a player inverts a row, the entire row must be inverted, so all face-down cards turn upward and all face-up cards turn down.

### Strategy

As mentioned, all multiples count as a single point; i.e., following the example with a base number of seven, a Jack (10) and Ace (1 or 11) makes 21, but is worth the same (one point) as four 10's and a 9 (49).  Higher multiples are not worth more points.  Therefore, it is to the player's advantage to use cards to create a greater number of lower-value multiples.  More exact base number (multiple of 1) points means more point-stealing or more row-flipping, so lower-value cards hold higher value than cards which exceed the base number.  That is, A-7 are more valuable than 8-K when playing multiples of seven.

Commit message:

added rule to refresh board

rules.md, after:

# Stanford Sevens

A card game using a standard deck in which player(s) attempt to accumulate as many points as possible using cards in-hand and on the board to make multiples of the base number.  Each round continues until the deck runs out, at which point points are totalled and a winner is declared.

## Setup

Each player receives 3 cards in their hand.  Players keep their hand private.  The board contains cards facedown in a grid (2x2 for 1-2 players, 3x3 for 3+ players).  The rest of the cards are facedown in a deck next to the board.  Players may not end each turn with more than seven cards in their hand.  If they have more than seven, they must choose cards to discard from their hand until they hold seven or fewer cards.

Players agree upon a number to base the gameplay on.  By default, the base number is seven.  The base number can change each round.

## Gameplay

Players take turns completing two steps.  At the end of each player's turn, gaps in the board are refilled with facedown cards from the deck.

### Draw and Flip

 Draw one card, and flip one card on the board.  Players must choose a card to flip, even if they are all face-up already.  Flipping a face-up card will turn it face-down.

### Stash or Score

- The player may pick up a card from the board, and put it into his or her hand.  This ends the player's turn immediately.

- Score points by creating multiples of the base number using any combination of face-up cards on the board and any cards in the player's hand.  There is no limit to the number of points a player may score per turn, although he or she may choose to end their turn prior to playing all available points.

For example, if the base number is seven, then a player may play a King (10) and a 4 to make 14.  All multiples count as a single point.

If the player scores a point which equals the base number exactly, they may either:

- Steal a point from another player
- Invert a row/column on the board.  If a player inverts a row, the entire row must be inverted, so all face-down cards turn upward and all face-up cards turn down.

### Strategy

As mentioned, all multiples count as a single point; i.e., following the example with a base number of seven, a Jack (10) and Ace (1 or 11) makes 21, but is worth the same (one point) as four 10's and a 9 (49).  Higher multiples are not worth more points.  Therefore, it is to the player's advantage to use cards to create a greater number of lower-value multiples.  More exact base number (multiple of 1) points means more point-stealing or more row-flipping, so lower-value cards hold higher value than cards which exceed the base number.  That is, A-7 are more valuable than 8-K when playing multiples of seven.
